with people we are at the heart of the
fog and I'll show you a new thing
fields is here in pvp which are the
reward routes here you can see the
that I have available but if we are going to
all come out all there
some come out with padlocks because I have not
done what I had to do to
unlock it but if we put the mouse
over we can see that in this case we
asks that we have complete the mode
History of Citadel of the Flame
what we're going to get when
let's go completing this bar then
it will be these chests that we have here
up are normal chests of champions
and then we have weapons boxes in this
case will give because these of the of the
dungeon the only thing that has let me do
is this 25% there yesterday yesterday today
you will leave I guess that another other portion
up to this point
the next day until here and then at
final is going to give us a box of armors
in this case it will be a box of
full armor and we will not have to
choose then if we want light weighing or
half
here we have the baltazar we can go
activating as you see as we want
complete we can go activating
it is indicating for example in this that
and this is what I carry in this does not lead
absolutely nothing
and in this case in the baltazar
apart we will not have to take from
weapons as we have here we have them
other things we also have chests of
These champions will also give general
dragon and is and empire os fragments by
example
the last reward that interests us is
a baltazar backpack is a design
exclusive that is only going to be able
get here so if you want it
because you will not be forced to
do this
You can see here that we also have
other other stars would be boxes of
weapons of honor of the waves and in this
case we also have minerals here
dragon and is obsidian and this chest is
one of the interesting things another if
you are doing a legendary because you
It gives minerals to the dragon and is obsidian
and mystic shamrocks so if not
you want to be with the forge trying
here you know that they will give you insurance and
here you can see that we have a little arrow
which he says is repeatable in the case of
baltazar is not repeatable it does not have
little arrow but in this case if you want
repeat as many times as you want
Here I show a box of weapons of
so you can see what they give you
We have here with several stands all
corners of the dungeon
and then leave us the option to save
for later if you do not want to catch
since you have to pay attention to what it says
the liver in acquisition so with
the pj you are going to take the object then
will stay linked unlock is the
design and you will stay with the weapon
well this what I wanted to comment and
until the video and until next time